CNV-57760_2: DOC: cross-cluster VM migrations TP (#100011)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-setting-mtv-lm-feature-gates.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/live_migration/virt-enabling-cclm-for-vms.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-setting-mtv-lm-feature-gates_{context}"]
= Setting a live migration feature gate in the Migration Toolkit for Virtualization

Enable the live migration feature gate in the {mtv-first} by modifying the `.spec` stanza in the forklift controller custom resource (CR).

.Procedure

. Run the following command to modify the CR:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc patch ForkliftController forklift-controller -n openshift-mtv --type json -p '[{"op": "add", "path": "/spec/feature_ocp_live_migration", "value": "true"}]
----

. Verify that the feature gate has been enabled by reviewing the CR YAML, as shown in the following example:
+
[source,YAML]
----
# ...
spec:

>   feature_ocp_live_migration: "true"

Author: > Should probably highlight that this (feature_ocp_live_migration) is the important one (since that is the one we added with the above command)

I added some content to call attention to the line in the file; please review.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/live_migration/virt-enabling-cclm-for-vms.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-setting-mtv-lm-feature-gates_{context}"]
= Setting a live migration feature gate in the Migration Toolkit for Virtualization

Enable the {product-title} live migration feature gate in the {mtv-first} by modifying the `.spec` stanza in the `forklift- controller` custom resource (CR).

.Procedure

> . Run the following command to modify the CR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the feature gate by modifying the CR, run the following command:
```

(nit)
